Adding Okta OAuth2 Example to Docs (#505)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/configuration/authentication/sso.md

    * *Login redirect URIs*: should be the Base URI plus `/complete/okta-openidconnect/` such as `https://nautobot.example.com/complete/okta-openidconnect/`
    * *Logout redirect URIs*: should be the Base URI plus `/disconnect/okta-openidconnect/` such as `https://nautobot.example.com/disconnect/okta-openidconnect/`

> 3. Once the application is configured in Okta, SSO can either be configured with OAuth2 or OpenID Connect (OIDC).  When using the organizations authentication server OAuth2 is preferred, with custom Okta authentication backends use OIDC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once the application is configured in Okta, SSO can either be configured with OAuth2 or OpenID Connect (OIDC).  When using an organization's authentication server OAuth2 is preferred; with custom Okta authentication backends, use OIDC.
```

SOCIAL_AUTH_OKTA_OPENIDCONNECT_API_URL = 'https://<Okta URL>/oauth2/<Authentication Server>'
```

The `/default` authentication server can be used for testing, however, it should not be used in production.

#### Okta - Additional Scopes

It is possible to get additional OAuth scopes from okta by adding them to the `SOCIAL_AUTH_{BACKEND}_SCOPE` list.  For example to get the `groups` scope from Okta using OAuth2 add the following to your `nautobot_config.py`:

```python
SOCIAL_AUTH_OKTA_OAUTH2_SCOPE = ['groups']
```

for OpenID:

```python
SOCIAL_AUTH_OKTA_OPENIDCONNECT_SCOPE = ['groups']
```

> In order to use this returned scope a custom function needs to be written and added to the `SOCIAL_AUTH_PIPELINE` as described in the [python social auth core pipeline](https://python-social-auth.readthedocs.io/en/stable/pipeline.html) documentation.  An example to sync groups with Okta is provided in the [`/examples/okta`](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/tree/develop/examples/okta) folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to use this returned scope a custom function needs to be written and added to the `SOCIAL_AUTH_PIPELINE` as described in the [`python-social-auth` authentication pipeline documentation](https://python-social-auth.readthedocs.io/en/stable/pipeline.html).

An example to sync groups with Okta is provided in the [`examples/okta`](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/tree/develop/examples/okta) folder in the root of the Nautobot repository.
```
